welcome to Senate House this is one of
the entrances to North Block many of you
will be familiar with the outside of the
building now I'm going to take you on a
little tour around the inside
the building's been empty for a little
time but the Sohus scheme will bring it
back to life Senate house has a number
of different spaces such as this formal
lecture theatre one of the challenges we
face is identifying how best to use the
building to suit learning in the 21st
century
this is the third-floor corridor
originally set out as smaller office
spaces we plan to reuse these spaces
wherever we can
this is the courtyard that we plan to
roof over to form an atrium the space
created will become the hub for the
University where students and staff can
meet